# .agentInfo index

Short table for quick lookup (see `index-detailed.md` for descriptions).

path: tags
overview.md: overview doc
initial.md: example
lemming-manager.md: lemming-manager
trigger-manager.md: trigger-system
game.md: game
mechanics-flags.md: mechanics
game-view.md: game-view
game-gui.md: gui
ground-renderer.md: render
level-writer.md: level-writing
level-loader.md: level-loading
mechanics-config.md: config
level-reader.md: level-parsing
drawMarchingAntRect.md: ui
game-display.md: display
display-image.md: canvas
stage.md: stage
command-manager.md: commands
game-resources.md: resources
tools.md: tools
check-undefined.md: validation
node-file-provider.md: archives
binary-reader.md: binary-reader
bit-reader.md: bit-reader
bit-writer.md: bit-writer
file-container.md: file-container
unpack-file-part.md: unpack-file-part
pack-mechanics.md: mechanics
todo-review.md: todo
keyboard-shortcuts.md: keyboard
note-review.md: todo
